Update pipeline and pom.xml (#19)
cmdotcom/text-sdk-java: README.md

}
```

## Whatsapp Templates

> Send WhatsApp template messages using the message builder please check our docs to see more information about WhatsApp templates: https://docs.cmtelecom.com/en/api/business-messaging-api/1.0/index#whatsapp-template-message

Reviewer: Can be replaced with:

https://developers.cm.com/messaging/docs/whatsapp#template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send WhatsApp template messages using the message builder please check our docs to see more information about WhatsApp templates: https://developers.cm.com/messaging/docs/whatsapp#template
```

Author: Fixed!
